#Description
Azure AD is extended to include Azure AD B2B collaboration, allowing you to invite people from outside your organization to be guest users
in your cloud account and sign in with their own work, school, or social identities. Guest users allow you to share your company's applications 
and services with users from any other organization, while maintaining control over your own corporate data.

Work with external partners, large or small, even if they don't have Azure AD or an IT department. 
A simple invitation and redemption process lets partners use their own credentials to access your company's resources as a guest user.
Guest users in every subscription should be review on a regular basis to ensure that inactive and unneeded accounts are removed.

Guest users in the Azure AD are generally required for collaboration purposes in Office 365, 
and may also be required for Azure functions in enterprises with multiple Azure tenants. Guest users are typically added outside your employee 
on-boarding/off-boarding process and could potentially be overlooked indefinitely, leading to a potential vulnerability. 
To prevent this, guest users should be reviewed on a regular basis. During this audit, guest users should also be determined to not have administrative privileges.

#Impact Statement
Before removing guest users, determine their use and scope. Like removing any user, there may be unforeseen consequences to systems if it is deleted.

#Audit Procedure
From Azure Portal

From Azure Home select the Portal Menu
Select Azure Active Directory
Then Users and group
Select All Users
Click on Add filters button, select User type, click Apply, select Guest, click Apply
Audit the listed guest users.

#Remediation Procedure
From Azure Portal

From Azure Home select the Portal Menu
Select Azure Active Directory
Then Users and group
Select All Users
Click on Add filters button, select User type, click Apply, select Guest, click Apply
Delete all Guest users that are no longer required or are inactive.

From Graph API

GET | https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/$filter=UserType eq 'guest'
DELETE | https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/{id}
